(***) as soon So I'm going to go tell Mike.
Oh ho ho...
We just test each other on J-level topics for half an hour straight. Okay, I guess.
So  are your table topics
What do you calls the original course of the Yodel River?
Okay, what's the biggest river flowing to Osaka Bay?
The current (***) of it is actually a canal.
like it was (***)
by mankind. What's the name you say  the original root of it?
KyuYodo River
wouldn't know
Okay, what district of Osaka was built?
The end are  image of say,
new york's coney island and like paris just like as a giant amusement park
he  is  a guy
No, you weren't. So you got was a sobering Osaka.
What is the most distinctive landmark?
I've seen Sakai
Tsutenkaku The giant tower
If you go on Google Maps and open, look at the map of Osaka
Sinkaku is like the one thing that shows up besides Osaka Castle and like
the one temple,everything some could see a(***)
yeah
Good, I know. I'm cooked.
Okay...
butter of shu sushi
Kushikatsu
I don't seen should the
Osaka sushi in general, the most distinctive part is just that it's oshizushi.
and then Batal is just like a really specific type that's really popular in Osaka
So is Kushikatsu.
Ho ho ho..You mean the fried one.
Oh, it's Tonkatsu, right? No!
It's like they take random stuff and then they fry it and then that's fish
(***)Oh shoot, that's what Katsu means.
okay
Okay, let's see what else is there. What's the motto?
Osaka Expo
okay
I don't know either, it was like empowering humanity or something, empowering people's lives.
you
Building by compute induce  powering people's lives
Do you want to stay in Osaka?
haa....
Ha ha ha....
Osaka Bay is part of Seto Inland Sea, Seto Naikai.
I know what else it is.
Yeah,like the size osaka used to be a (***)small prefecture
It became the second small after building the airports.
yeah
trolling, but it worked I guess
and they aren't the smallest anymore so good for them
What's the Japanese name for workshop  Prefecture?
works at she just means she is Siri.
Can,can you speed fracture.no..
I've....Ho ho ho ho Osaka food
In change of
Ha ha ha...
Osaka and Tokyo are the only prefectures where  use food instead of a can.
If you want to take Hiroshima can, Nagasaki can, Haa... Fukuoka can
and then you get (***)haa.. Osa Osaka food Tokyo food.
Okay.
oh ho yeah for sure
okay we have to,it's  about festivals. Major festivals
Girl, flow.
In osaka
Okay, nice to know. Performing arts.
What is the number one place for bunraku?
National Bernacotti.
What do you call like the puppeteer in Bunraku?
That's the puppet. She is puppet.
Yeah
Nin-yo-jo
Ho...
Ho ho.... you are in(***)
Yeah, I also hypothesize it  comes spanning with it. Yeah.
(***)
It's just a japanese word
What's and in Japanese?
And japanese ...soshtak
soshtan